First Step was to create the empty activity and remove all the unnecessary code from the activity.
This included any of the Compose code that was generated by the template.

Next I wanted to create a structure that I wanted to follow for the app.
This involved the following:
- creating a model data class for the data
- a custom view for the list item that I would be using in the list
- a custom view for the detail view that would be used to display the details of the item
- a custom view for the full list view that would be used to display the full list of items
- a viewmodel class that would be used to store the data and handle the logic for the app
- a repository class that would be used to fetch the data from the file and parse it.
- a common util class for common methods for reusability
- provided javadoc for util classes
- provided unit tests for util class


my goal creating this was to separate the concerns using the clean architecture principles and using MVVM as the design pattern.
I wanted to make sure that the view was only responsible for displaying the data and not handling any logic.
this would separate the app into data, domain, and presentation layers, with the viewmodel acting as the bridge between the domain and presentation layers.


Further steps to improve the app that I would of done differently:
- We usually fetch this data from a network call, so I would have add retrofit to handle calling the api for the data
- If the data was being fetched from a network call, I would have add room to cache the data
- I would implement dagger-hilt to provide a better dependency injection
- I would make these screens into fragments
- Implement Kotlin coroutines on the call to the repository
- Add Androidx libraries such as lifecycle extensions
- Improve UI to make the output more presentable using cardViews instead of divider line
- Add more unit testing and write unit tests for the repository. This would be improved with Mockk

